Q: What is open-source?
A: Open source means that the source code of a program or game is available to anyone to add, view, modifiy or redistrubute. This basicly gives freedom of the software to everyone who uses it.

Q: What is this community for and why is it on Steam?
A: This community is on Steam because Steam is one of the few places where open-source has not been introduced, yet. The goal of our community it to help promote open-source software to more people, provide additional update information and news, and do our own project of the month awards.

Q: Is "open-source" the same as Valve's source engine?
A: No. Open-source is a term/label used to describe software, while source engine is Valve's game engine. The 2 are completely different.

Q: Will this community ever do gaming events?
A: We may do some gaming events from time to time, such as Warzone 2100, however, our group is not a gaming community, so we cannot promise anything.

Q: Who is able to join in your community?
A: Anyone is able to join the community and participate in any software they see fit for themselves.

Q: Can i recommend software or games that is not open-source?
A: Sorry, but we only do open-source software and games here. So the answer is no.

Q: This community is posting a lot of annoucements. Isn't this considered spam?
A: We are sorry that you are annoyed with our annoucement posts. This is something that may not be avoidable for us since some of these software update a lot and the more software we add, the more frequent annoucements will happen. We guarantee that any annoucement or event post here will only be about our community or open-source in general. We hope you understand our situtation.

Q: What are the restrictions to this group?
A: While, we accept only open-source software, there are a few other things that you should know. - We do not accept inactive or abandon projects. The project must be updated atleast once a year in order for us to provide service. - We provide assistant if you need to know how to install a program, find the right build for you, or find out which version is right for you. We do not provide support for bugs or suggestions for any software. You will need to bring that up to the proper company, either by forums, email, or phone (if any).
